[Docs] Remove duplication in HyperLogLog docs (#2577)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/probabilistic/hyperloglogs.md

weight: 1
---

> HyperLogLog trades perfect accuracy for efficient space utilization. The Redis implementation uses up to 12 KB and provides a standard error of 0.81%.

Reviewer: Thank you, @NeelayS. I prefer to keep the first sentence intact. Will the following work for you?

```suggestion
HyperLogLog is a probabilistic data structure that estimates the cardinality of a set, trading perfect accuracy for efficient space utilization. The Redis implementation uses up to 12 KB of memory and provides a standard error rate of 0.81%.
```
